the talent he is proper chatterbox yada if
you're keen it'll be brilliant today we're
gonna keep it simple i'll bark out a
basic command and you watch
Keen to know?
He'll set your tail wagging.
Does mine, hence why I'm backing him.
Right then, Wookie here.
Do take a seat, won't you?
Give us your full attention while we
listen to my pal Yadda.
MUSIC PLAYS
I appreciate the backing there, Wookiee,
and even the fronting,
as it may be in this case.
We are going to return to the basics.
We are deep into,
I think this is the fourth episode of
Shibuwa.
not even a quarter of the way through.
So we have a lot of programs yet
to do on Shibuya.
This one's important for a lot of reasons.
One is that we're on the cusp of
the initial fulfillment of it.
That would be only two months away,
I think, fifty seven days.
We have a ticker on the yadaya.com site
on time.
If you check, it's the first ticker.
I think it's fifty seven days to
The initial phase of the fulfillment of
Shavuot,
which is the beginning of the time of
Yaakov's or Israel's troubles.
Fifty days.
Fifty days, twenty three hours.
Wow.
Fifty days.
Time goes by.
Boy, I tell you what does sneak by.
So fifty days to the initial fulfillment
of Shibuwa.
So we want to talk about what that
represents.
And we also want to know about the
harvest and who qualifies and when that's
going to occur,
which we think will be fourteen months
thereafter.
Also, of course, on Shibuwa,
as these two Shibuwas represent six to
seven years from the time that the fall
Mikra, a piece which would be Tarua,
Kapuram and Sukkah will be fulfilled.
So there's a lot to learn.
The the second
episode of Shabbu, of course,
is the Shabbat of June,
the eleventh of twenty twenty seven.
And we are approaching Pesach Passover in
this year, the beginning of Chag Matzah.
I had originally leaned towards doing it
on a Friday evening,
which is sort of nice and sort of
not nice for us.
Not that that matters a lot in the
timing and that
It would coincide with our family hour,
but that does make it a little difficult
to celebrate a meal at sunset with the
Iowa while you're trying to broadcast a
show.
I think it's probably better if it can
be done the night prior that we tried
to do it the night prior and continue
to talk about it then on family hours
we celebrate matzah.
And Matzah is the bigger and more
important day, more essential day.
And last night,
I was out taking a stroll with our
pooches, and I looked up in the sky,
and it sure looked like a full moon.
I checked...
from an astrological reading this morning
because it looked so full and it was
ninety eight percent now as it relates to
the timing of pisac and matzah uh one
begins on the fourteenth so it's the
beginning of the fourteenth day beginning
of the fifteenth day of the month a
month starts when the
the sun's reflected light on the moon's
surface first begins to wax.
And that would mean with a fourteen and
a half day half cycle.
So you'd go from a new moon to
a full moon in fourteen and a half
days and then go from a full moon
back to the new moon.
in fourteen and a half days,
so that the full moon should normally
coincide right between,
so it's almost full in Pesach and just
past full, but you know,
essentially full moon both for Pesach and
Matzah.
And with it being ninety-eight percent
full yesterday,
You know,
I'm thinking that we're going to celebrate
Pesach on Thursday evening as opposed to
Friday evening based upon the full moon.
And yes,
I know that we start the month and
we look at the first crescent of the
moon and we go the fourteen days from
there.
But it should put us on a full
moon.
And the issue here was how much of
the reflected life on the moon surface was
visible before sundown.
And
that would establish the countdown of the
new moon nearest the vernal equinox.
And it was a toss up between two
days.
And originally I had leaned towards the
latter of them when I think we had
like three to four percent renewed light
on the moon surface,
which is a lot versus
a range of one percent,
which is not very much.
But since it has to be and it's
supposed to be and it's coordinated to be
on a full moon,
the same thing is true with the
celebration of Sukkot.
Sukkot is a full moon celebration.
Pesach and Matzah are full moon
celebrations.
That's why you can very often have lunar
eclipses on Pesach and Matzah.
because of the positions of the uh
relative position of the sun and moon when
the moon is full so this is uh
what we're going to do and i i'm
strongly leaning towards now uh
celebrating on thursday evening i did have
a post uh we saw that was uh
i think correctly answered by kevin that
now that we have our own home for
yahweh's name that we should all
kind of do things and sync.
So we're celebrating on the same day.
I don't think that's actually necessary.
I think we all have individual
opportunities to look up the evidence.
That's why we present the evidence for
you.
It is in Shana years,
the volume of Yada Yawa.
You can look up the percentage of the
renewed light on the moon surface closest
to the vernal equinox each year and make
your own determination as to what you
think is the the timing and and you
know i don't think it matters much to
yahweh so long as you're thoughtful about
it so long as you're making a genuine
effort to
listen to what he says and do what
he has asked.
The fact that there can be disagreements
between people who are all thoughtful in
this regard,
I think is actually a good thing.
Keeps us from being dogmatic and it shows
that in a family we can have a
disagreement over something that really
isn't all that material,
like should it be celebrated on Thursday
evening or Friday evening?
and that's fine.
Now,
there are many who have a conniption fit
every time I say this.
Oh, God wouldn't be a God of uncertainty.
There has to be a time certain.
No,
he didn't give us a method to have
a time certain.
He didn't say observation versus
astronomical.
He didn't say what percentage of renewed
light has to be on the moon's surface
and what time that has to transpire.
For example, if it
The renewed light on the moon surface
takes place at eleven fifty nine.
Well, that's the next day,
not that same day from the Hebrew born
review.
So it's important to know the timing of
it and the amount of it.
And God made no distinction in this
regard.
He just talked about it's the month of
Abib,
the month of Abib by its definition is
when barley is green and growing.
But the winter crop is
approaching the point where it can be
harvested,
where the grain would still be green and
receptive, and the flax would be in bloom,
and it's the time of a renewed light,
the waxing light on the moon's surface,
closest to that time, which,
in all practical purposes,
is the new moon nearest the vernal
equinox.
But since he didn't specify observation or
time,
or astronomical,
or what the criterion would be to
ascertain which one you would, uh,
even once you choose one of those two,
once one of those two is designated,
which he didn't state, um,
what the criterion would be for its final
determination.
And I think it's because he's not dogmatic
on the details.
The Christians and the religious are still
very dogmatic.
Yeah.
They want it to, it's gotta be,
you know,
it's Easter Sunday is a certain time.
And, you know,
and you're celebrating a goddamn pagan
myth.
Um,
So understand the purpose,
understand why Easter,
which is celebrated very close to the same
time this year,
is is an abomination to God.
why it's Babylonian in origin,
and there is no correlation of any kind
between Passover, Matzah, and Mokotem,
and Easter,
and that the whole Christian mythos of a
man-god and a man-god that men could kill,
and a bodily resurrected individual is
just...
Malarkey, absolute rubbish.
So understand the purpose,
capitalize on the purpose.
We also notice that we have way too
many people who are claiming to be
covenant and are asking,
what should I do on Passover?
And that's why I really went into this
discussion here,
even though this is about Shabuwa.
If you have to ask that question,
you're not covenant.
Seriously, you're just not covenant.
Passover is such an important part of who
we are, what we're doing.
The recognition it was fulfilled by Dode
is so phenomenal,
so different than the rest of the world.
The recognition that it opens the door to
life.
that it is not a celebration of freedom
from Egypt,
that it's not a seven-day holiday.
When you recognize who Yahweh is and who
Dode is and all of the implications of
it,
I'll give you one that was shared in
our chat room.
Now,
this is the antithesis of what do I
do on this day.
I think it was Mark Watsi, but the...
Overall observation was, you know,
the Passover lamb we're told comes into
the home four days before Passover.
Interesting, huh?
With the recognition that the soul of Adam
was doed, therefore God's firstborn.
He returned as the Passover lamb after
having been brought into God's home here
on earth,
Four thousand years or four days earlier.
It ties in that whole concept on the
fourth day of creation.
There is the greater and lesser luminaries
of the fourth day in our long march
to God would be your four thousand.
Yeah.
And so Dode as Adam gets another notch
of authenticity when we recognize that the
lamb is supposed to be in the home
for four days.
And that would be symbolic of
of Dode being Adam and coming back in
the fourth day to serve as the lamb.
That kind of thing is interesting.
What should I do is not.
As they say,
read the FBOM manual if you want to
know what you're supposed to do.
If you're not a reader,
if you want to claim the benefits of
the covenant without actually studying the
material, it's not going to work for you.
Because you can't even stop at studying
the material.
That's not enough.
You got to act the part.
If you're not observant,
you're not covenant.
If you're not thoughtful,
If you're not responsive,
you're not covenant.
And if you were responsive,
but you decided to go and do something
else and you just don't care about the
covenant or you want to actually criticize
it, you're not covenant.
It isn't once in, always in.
And getting in and earning Yahweh's
respect takes some doing.
There is a test,
just as there was for Abraham and
Life is a test for us.
God's not going to empower and internally
enrich people that he doesn't know, trust,
and that haven't shown that they are
observant, thoughtful, responsive,
and reliable.
So if you don't know, shame on you.
In fact,
don't announce that you don't know because
that's indicting.
Read.
Why do you think we made the website
so these books are available to you in
their entirety free?
Where would you go if you wanted to
learn about what do I do on Pesach?
And when you look at the terms and
conditions,
the conditions two through four tell you
what to do.
Yes, they do.
The very terms and conditions of the
covenant that are presented in the third
volume of Yadaya tell you what to do.
And the fourth volume of
of Yada Yawa, which is Mikrei,
appointments.
It tells you everything God had to say
about Passover.
So that would be our advice.
Anyway,
we're going to celebrate it here beginning
on Sunday.
Thursday evening.
So our family hour show on Friday will
be a celebration of the most important day
in this process, which is matzah.
All right.
With that introduction,
I have just one item in the news
before we just jump into our basics.
And that is that
Trump is now, who is Rahab,
he is the great betrayer of the world,
of not just America, but also,
more importantly, of Israel,
is now doubling and tripling down on,
he's going to declare victory and withdraw
from this war.
without resolving the Straits of Hormuz.
By the way,
the Straits of Hormuz cannot be resolved.
So that part makes sense.
And the war can't be won.
So you might as well declare victory and
leave.
But leaving the Middle East and the mess
that it is in and abandoning Israel after
you started this war with them can be
catastrophic.
Now there are nothing but catastrophic
choices.
That's why I begged Israel and I wouldn't,
I begged Donald Trump if my life depended
on him, much less anyone else's.
But I begged Israel not to do this
thing because once in, there is no out.
This was a catastrophic move for Israel,
but they are going to be abandoned.
They will likely be blamed.
They are being blamed by many,
but they will likely even be blamed by
Rahab Trump.
But without the Straits being open and
calling an end to this war,
It will have been one of the great
disasters in all of human history,
certainly the greatest disaster in modern
human history.
And it will be a complete abandonment by
the Gulf Arab Sunni states.
If they were all destroyed by Iran,
that would probably be a good thing.
Not that Iran is good,
but the family dictators are worse.
Going to be an interesting ordeal and with
Israel now battling the Houthis again,
who are very resilient,
battling and losing this time to Hezbollah
with significant casualties and taking
body blows from the Iranians and about to
be abandoned by the US.
This is a really bad time for Israel.
So my advice to you,
if you're an Israeli,
or if you're just a Jew,
go to yadaya.com.
You need to be reading.
You need to come to embrace Yahweh,
abandon the rabbis,
abandon your political parties,
and save your own soul,
because that's all that is salvageable at
this point.
Okay,
speaking more of Shabuwa and its catseer,
harvest,
God says that the individuals who
participate,
they will exist as a means to become
acceptable.
This is not just the participa.
These are actually,
as we discussed in that last program,
the metaphors that God has chosen for the
men who fulfill the purpose
each of the Moedim.
And in this particular case,
we've been talking about what happens in
the fulfillment of Yom Kippurim,
which I know jumps ahead in time.
But we had to do that to have
a better appreciation as to why the
Ram,
the bull and the goat were all woven
into the story of Shavua.
So to understand their role,
we jumped ahead because God explains their
role in great detail, all three of them,
as it relates to the ultimate fulfillment
of Yom Kippur on the day of
reconciliations when Yahweh returns with
his beloved son, Dode, as our king.
So he's speaking of the sacrifice that
these three individuals represented by the
goat, the ram and the bull.
They are Elia as the goat,
Dode as the ram and Yada as the
bull make to enable
all of these benefits on behalf of
Yisrael.
So they exist as the means to become
acceptable and to ascend to Yahweh.
Their gift, and it is that,
they're offering this sacrifice.
The greatest gift was offered by Dode as
he fulfilled Pesach, Matzah, and Bekudah.
But their gift is poured out on their
behalf by Yahweh.
the feminine manifestation of the fiery
light.
What God is doing here is bringing
together something that is essential to
understand all the way through the Mowat
Mikra.
We're constantly being asked to approach
this feminine manifestation of God's fiery
light.
And it is symbolic of something that we
were the first to share in these programs,
and we'll be sharing again on Thursday
night as we light our fire again by
the pool,
is that
What God is offering through Pesach,
Matzah, Bakutim,
and Shabuwa is to transform us such that
we are empowered and enriched and enabled
and emancipated.
We're freed of these physical bodies that
keep us mired here on this earth.
that decay,
that have all manner of liabilities
associated with them.
And they preclude our ability to be free
in the fourth dimension or enter the
fifth,
sixth or seventh dimension of Shamaim.
And the only way to be free of
these physical bodies is for our soul,
which is other dimensional,
to be enveloped in energy and light as
opposed to matter.
And so this idea of approaching the
feminine manifestation of the fire is
symbolic of that.
And it's, as I say,
it's woven throughout the celebration of
the Moed Mikrei.
And it's all because
what God is offering to do by enriching
and empowering us, emancipating us,
enabling us,
and making us immortal and literally
perfecting us, if you will,
ridding our souls of the burden and
liability of religious and political
guilt.
is to envelop us in light and energy
because in light, all time exists.
In light, there is no darkness.
It's a beautiful metaphor.
And if you look at what a fire
does,
it takes dying or dead organic material
and it transforms it into light.
radiant energy and light,
which symbolically rises up that warms us.
It actually can purify metals and it can
cook our food.
It can purify water.
It's a marvelous metaphor that speaks to
us in many different ways.
So their gift is poured out on behalf,
on their behalf,
by this feminine manifestation of the
fiery light.
So it's
It's these three men working in
conjunction with Yahweh that enables this
result.
And it's a uniquely and welcoming,
pleasing spirit of reconciliation of the
relationship.
all to approach yahweh very direct very um
simple to understand and yet an
understanding of how this transformation
through light and energy uh as a result
of what dode fulfilled on pisac mats and
makutum was first proclaimed here you know
two thousand years after he fulfilled
these dates so what appears to be simple
forthright beneficial important for you to
know
hasn't been known prior to the Yada Yawa
series.
So we have heard Yahweh delineate the menu
for the feast of the promise of seven.
And along the way,
God described the benefits afforded to
those who choose to embrace what he is
offering.
This pleasing and welcoming gift is poured
out upon us by Yahweh through this
symbolism of the fiery light,
which could also represent the Ruach of
Yahweh,
thereby reconciling the relationship.
If you've harbored any doubts that these
individuals to be called out and meet were
descriptive of life within the covenant,
or if they encapsulate God's mercy leading
to vindication,
I think those questions should have
evaporated.
God's a very good narrator.
He tells us what we need to know.
So come on.
Contrary to theological explanations,
the Torah does not portray a legalized,
works-based path to God.
Mercy, leading to our reconciliation,
lies at the core of the Mikra,
which in turn forms the very heart of
the Torah.
So digging even deeper,
we find that the primary meaning of
nikolach is a conciliation which
reconciles parties that are engaged in a
relationship,
specifically what God's trying to achieve.
Neko-ak is from nuak,
meaning that which brings rest and allows
us to settle down and to remain.
This resting place,
this place of tranquility in the
relationship, of course, is shamayim,
heaven.
And our arrival is predicated upon us
embracing the riak,
this pleasing spirit of Yahweh.
Riach is very similar to ruach, spirit.
The Hebrew word ishe, isha,
depending on how you want to vocalize it,
but spelled the same way in Hebrew,
is
translated as feminine manifestation of
god's fiery light or as a mother who
as a mother might be a bit of
a stretch but certainly as a woman um
And so you have a choice because Isha
would mean woman or Isha would be fire,
but written with the feminine conclusion.
You have really either one of those two.
So you can make it female or you
can make it fire
Or you can bring the two together and
say it's the feminine manifestation with
fire.
Or you can do what I like to
do most of all.
And that is I've looked at so many
words now in Hebrew where they have an
ah ending.
And it has nothing to do with the
gender of the subject.
It has all to do with the fullness
of that subject.
Because without the ah ending,
it is considered masculine.
With the ah ending,
you've added a touch of femininity to the
masculine word.
And so the ah ending in Hebrew doesn't
create an independent word.
It takes a masculine word and a word
still that retains all of its etymological
meaning.
masculinity and adds femininity to it so
it's the best of all worlds it's a
more complete appreciation of what god is
talking about like par becomes para par is
bull uh it is a masculine term for
bull with the ah ending it doesn't
necessarily and typically doesn't make it
a girly cow
It means that there is productivity and
judgment and a resolute commitment to
reason, but with tremendous passion.
within this bull.
It completes the concept and takes it to
the next dimension.
It's like Ish being a tree and Isha
being everything pertaining to this
particular tree,
which was in the case of the Choder.
And in the garden would be the tree
of the knowledge of good and evil.
It's a more expansive expression.
of the term,
so it is an expansive expression of what
fire can represent relative to our
reconciliation with God and our benefiting
from the Moed Mikra.
I'm a huge fan of you want to
celebrate Pesach, Matzah,
and B'kodim in a way that shows that
you understand and appreciate
the symbolism and the intent of these
days, build a fire.
Do what we did last year around a
fire.
Build a fire, enjoy that fire.
because when you enjoy that fire,
you watch the smoke go up,
you're warmed by the fire.
Fire is enlightening,
brightening everything around you.
It pierces the darkness of the evening.
It draws people to it.
It is a thing of real beauty as
well.
And
you realize too that it is the very
thing that was used not only to prepare
the lamb for consumption in passover
originally but it is also the very fire
that will be beneath the sacrifice of the
adamant in our future
and that it is symbolic of of us
being transformed which is why god's
asking us to approach it and transformed
by getting rid of these physical bodies
and being enveloped in the very essence of
what that fire represents of light and
energy so when we celebrate shabuwa for
example uh in the harvest
of Shabuwa,
this is exactly what's going to happen.
Our physical bodies as a carrier of our
nephesh souls is going to be replaced by
light and energy.
That's why some of the metaphors of this
day and of Teruah speak of a river
of light from earth to the heavens.
And if you understand that,
then you're in a position to understand
all the benefits of light,
how Hebrew grammar is based on the concept
of light,
where everything is true throughout time.
It's time full,
like the existence of a photon of light.
It's eternally true.
It is enlightening.
And it's empowering.
When you take a piece of wood,
it has a certain potential for energy.
But when you light it on fire and
it burns, that energy is intensified.
Energy is the equivalent of matter,
which you then have to multiply by the
square of the speed of light to be
the equivalent amount of energy.
So energy is a vastly...
superior and quantity and character form
of uh of existence all of these things
are being shared with us and it's
important to i think to celebrate them so
as we move on yahweh's recipe for shabuwa
was not yet complete still speaking of the
uh all are welcome well uh certainly those
who are receptive and willing to listen
are welcome
if you're a naysayer if you've been
criticizing what we're sharing on behalf
of god you are not welcome but and
god is is happier to have walls around
his his celebrations and even his covenant
than he is to have open doors so
you know you're just not going to bring
trash into god's home um
And even now,
as we have moved away from social media
and into the yadaya.com website in our
ability to communicate with one another
there.
That's our way really of saying covenant
is as it is.
It's not going to expand significantly
because there's just not enough time for
people to learn what they need to know
and to demonstrate that they can be
trusted with what Yawa is offering.
So there'll be another opportunity.
And in the meantime,
we'll continue to build the website so
that people have a resource and can
capitalize on it.
So this harvest is another ode to Dode
and also to the mercy seat of the
Ark of the Covenant.
He is our savior,
and he is the only reason that we're
positioned to be able to capitalize on
Shabuwa.
Without Dode's sacrifice on Matzah and on
Pesach, there is no B'Koram,
and without B'Koram, there is no Shabuwa.
So with the lamb, the bull,
and the goat,
this catseer harvest is irrevocably linked
with the family reunion that will take
place seven years later on Kippurim when
Yahweh returns with Dode.
And that means that those harvested on
this day will be returning to
with father and son to celebrate Yom
Kippur, assuring its success.
Now, I think it's more than that,
as we will have affirmed to us.
There are eight specific individuals that
I think actually
never well, they never leave.
They come back long before Doe's return
and are part of the team that support
the effort of the two witnesses and will
be the
most senior upper level managers,
if you will,
going forward through the celebration of
our return to the garden on Sukkah,
as it relates to continuing to communicate
effectively through the yadaya.com
website,
so that this mortal remnant of Yisrael
grows and thrives and earns its respect
with you.
So God says,
you should prepare and provide one satyr
or scapegoat for going astray.
And two lambs.
A pair of lambs, sons, a year old,
serving as a sacrificial offering to
reconcile the relationship,
which is Shalom.
This is Kara called out,
should never have been called Leviticus,
twenty three, nineteen.
So the satyr is a scapegoat,
the one who bears the blame,
if you will,
for the flock having gone astray.
And this is because the satyr is the
instigator,
the leader of the cult or gang who
initially inspires the horrible notions
which sweep the compliant off of the
proper path.
The fierce male goat satyr is quick to
turn against the shepherd and to instigate
a whirlwind of indignation
Tempestuous behavior.
And to the unmitigated,
to an unmitigated really extent,
Israel has done this very thing,
has been the satyr relative to their
shepherd, Dode.
moving from this nimble blend of animal
and beast to the most diabolical of men
the satyr is representative of men like
paul luke mark akiba momomedes and
muhammad the demon possessed
with circular reasoning was used to
mislead the masses.
Can you think of just how frustrated God
must be that Paul created the myth of
Jesus to rob everyone of the gift of
his beloved son and that Muhammad created
a religion in company with Satan by
robbing God's testimony through their
rabbis,
selling Muhammad Talmud stories such that
they were able to discredit Yisrael,
Yehudim, Daud, Yahweh himself,
because of what the rabbis did.
God's upset, and he really should be.
Now,
Jews have struggled as the embodiment of
this satyr for a very long time.
Evidence for this is found at Baal Gad,
the Lord of Good Fortune,
as the town is devoted to the very
satyr that we're discussing here and was
well known to the Canaanites.
This religious site is in no man's land,
if you will, between Israel, Lebanon,
and Syria at the very base of Mount
Harman and the Golan Heights.
As male God, it was liberated by Joshua,
if you will, and incorporated into Israel.
And for the next thousand years,
there was no mention of it,
as it was likely uninhabited due to the
prevalence of malaria that was in the area
in the swamplands around the Galilee.
Then within a few decades of Alexander of
Macedon's conquest by the third century
BCE,
the Potomac kings resurrected the site as
a cult center.
Oh, they loved it.
It was the...
The lord of the good fortune, the satyr,
was reincarnated as Panaeus,
replete with a cave and a temple dedicated
to Pan.
And Pan became the satyr of Greek
mythology.
The site, while not mentioned by Yahshua,
Isaiah, was among,
along with what the prophet called the way
of the sea.
It's a reference to its Gentile religious
and political influence.
So he mentioned it kind of,
I spoke of where it was located without
actually mentioning the name of the fake
god.
The Battle of Panium was waged in this
very place in one ninety eight BCE.
The Macedonian armies of Ptolemaic Egypt
and the Seleucid Greeks of Syria,
led by Antiochus III,
fought a battle which gave the Seleucids
control over Phoenicia.
Galilee, Sumeria, and Judea.
Under the Seleucids, Panaeus,
which is Banias in Hebrew,
flourished and became a place of great
sanctity as,
and I mean that in the religious sense,
as pilgrims came to worship this devilish
god.
And that is how things stood by the
time that the Maccabean Revolt took place,
the internal civil war, if you will,
in one sixty seven BCE, when Penaeus,
named after the satyr Pan,
became a bone of contention.
To their credit,
should the Maccabean revolt have been
fought to diminish the imposition of Greek
culture, and to some extent it was,
opposing the worship of Pan at Panaeus
would have been a positive step.
The Greeks were offensive and highly
religious overlords.
According to Flavius Josephus, who was,
of course, a traitor and overall scumbag,
in The War of the Jews, Book One,
he writes, now Antiochus,
this would be the fourth king of the
Salucid Empire,
born in one seventy five and to one
sixty four BCE,
was not satisfied with his
the Judah Maccabees,
unexpected taking of the city,
the city would be Jerusalem,
nor of its pillage or of the great
slaughter he had made there.
but being overcome with his violent
passions and recommending what he had
suffered during the siege,
he compelled the Jews to dissolve the laws
of their country and to keep their infants
uncircumcised and to sacrifice swine's
flesh upon the altar against which they
all opposed themselves and the most
approved among them.
were therefore put to death."
That was a quote from Josephus.
Now, to their shame, however,
the Maccabean revolt was less about
foreign oppression than it was a civil war
between Orthodox and reformist religious
parties among the Judim they were fighting
over who would be king,
which was not a very lucrative title,
and who would be high priest because,
well, the religious title paid much more.
The Reformists were vanquished just as
they are today under Hasidic religious
edicts.
The emerging dominance of what would
become rabbinic Judaism, however,
did nothing to diminish the lure of
Panaeus,
as it continued to be a cultic center
with its cave and shrine to Pan.
the goat footed and horned god of the
herds in desolate places now this is not
only germane to shabuwa and god speaks of
this goat as part of the process to
rid us of the implications of what it
represents but
this day was stolen by twistians and the
single most important statement that is
now attributed to pretend jesus made by
eusebius takes place right at this place
and so since christians stole shabuwa to
make it pentecost
it's relevant to our understanding of how
Shabuwa has to be completely separated
from all references to Christianity.
I mean,
if you are among those who want to
have a new name for Jesus and you
want to make Jesus Yeshua and you retain
the Christian New Testament just with the
new name Yeshua,
then what you're doing is associating all
of this
pagan,
satanic rubbish that was conceived by Paul
and pals and just wrapping it up in
a new name.
So it's important that we know how evil
Christianity was.
The Greeks and Romans for whom
Christianity was conceived were at this
point and how demonic they were.
So that's why we're discussing this.
This is actually germane to this
particular topic.
And because Shabbos is so important to who
we are and where we are and when
we are in this timeline,
we're going to go into this kind of
detail.
So buckle your seatbelt, here we go.
Pan,
from whom the English words panic and
pandemonium were derived,
was considered malicious and decadent.
His shrines were typically constructed in
caves, as was the case, of course,
with Panaeus.
Born out of whoredom in Greek mythology,
Pan became the god of masturbation,
promiscuity,
and the normalization of homosexuality,
which was, of course, rampant in Greece.
And Pan is even associated with,
of course, bestiality.
You know, he's a furry.
He's the first of the furries, man.
He is an animal with a human face.
So, yeah, for you furries out there,
Pan is your idol.
The Greek god is shown having sex with
a goat in a statue found in the
Herculean.
More incriminating still to seduce the
moon goddess Selene,
Pan became the goat in sheep's clothing.
You heard that term?
The Greeks and the Jews are not the
only ones.
I guess that would be interspecies now,
wouldn't it?
But the Greeks and Jews,
they were not the only ones with an
epidemic of Pan proportions.
When Pan's death was announced during the
reign of Caesar Tiberius, oh my God,
Pan died?
Say it isn't so.
That was between fourteen and thirty-seven
CE.
The most
maniacal of Christian apologists and
propagandists,
the aforementioned Eusebius of Caesarea,
who was fascinated.
I mean,
he was absolutely intoxicated by the
legend of Pan and Panaeus.
Well,
he extrapolated from the alleged death of
the mythological Greek god representing
the devil, Pan,
that all demons had perished.
Oh my God.
That is particularly troubling to
Christianity because Eusebius,
he is the one who authored and augmented
much of what has become the Christian New
Testament,
including the church's lone attestation of
legitimacy.
You know, it has just one.
And that one doesn't appear in any first,
second, third,
or even early fourth century manuscripts.
It isn't until Eusebius' Codex Sinaticus
and Vanicatus, which are...
horrible abortions of legitimacy because
they have more strikeouts and erasures in
them than most everything else combined up
to that point.
And it was done on the edict of
Constantine who was still a devotee of
Mithras all for political purpose.
But he's the one who wrote it.
And this devilish problem for the world's
most popular faith perished with the
resurrection of the Roman Catholic myth,
which now reads, you are Peter.
And upon this rock,
I will build my church and the gates
of the netherworld shall not prevail
against it.
The gates of the netherworld were Panerai.
all about pan he is talking in front
of pan the satar the devil of greek
mythology and he's renaming shimon as
petros and greek even though he didn't
speak greek well he wasn't a real person
so what are you going to do calling
him a rock talking about a church that
doesn't even have a greek word for church
When it comes to obfuscating Dode's
accomplishments and transforming the
Messiah's accolades,
transferring them to a misnomer and myth,
Peter was no better than Paul,
but to be fair,
what we know of Peter beyond the one
letter that is attributed to him,
which is very,
very unlikely that he would have written,
The Peter that appears in Acts or in
the Gospels, particularly at this point,
is a product of Paul's imagination,
written by Luke,
who was Paul's apprentice.
The rock upon which Yahweh builds his
relationship with us, his covenant family,
is both Mount Choreb,
where his Torah was revealed to Moshe,
and the cornerstone of that is on Mount
Moriah,
which is the home of Yahweh's name and
where Dode established his city.
God does not have a church.
There's no mention of anything remotely
akin to a church in the Torah, Prophets,
and Psalms.
There's not anything remotely related to a
church in the Greek New Testament either,
but that's a problem for Christians to
deal with on their own.
Or anything remotely to it.
There is no netherworld, and Sheol, hell,
does not have gates.
Moreover, Sheol is a place, not a person,
and thus has no causative capability.
There is no
prevailing for the gates of Sheol.
It's an inanimate object.
Every aspect of what Eusebius wrote was
stupid, and yet that which follows,
you are the Christ statement,
only appears in two texts,
both in the
mid-fourth century,
both written by Eusebius.
And it is the essence of Christianity.
Without them, there is no Christianity.
There is no Mr. Christ.
This is really serious stuff.
While this statement is credited to the
Christian counterfeit Jesus,
there was no such person.
There is no legitimate basis for Christ or
Christian either.
But without these myths,
the credibility of the Roman Catholic
Church all vanishes.
And that's what Eusebius was trying to
establish.
And that is why Eusebius invented this
conversation in the fourth century,
augmenting the gospel of Matthew and then
Mark with this loan,
albeit contrived claim of legitimacy.
What's more,
the Catholic bishop alleged that this
declaration was spoken, drumroll please,
at the base of Mount Harmon,
and what was then still Panaeus,
although he called it Caesarea Philippi.
It wasn't.
It was Panaeus.
It's a devilish problem for Christianity,
at least for those who are thoughtful,
which would of two point five billion
Christians might be three of them.
Under Roman control,
Panaeus was so far removed from Jerusalem
and Judea that it was administered out of
Phoenician Syria.
That changed in twenty B.C.
when, in BCE, I should say, when Panion,
which included the religious site at
Panaeus,
was annexed into the kingdom of Herod the
Not-So-Great,
he immediately erected another temple of
white marble in Panaeus,
and all to honor his patron, Xenodorus.
Then in three BCE, Philip II,
the son of Herod the Not-So-Great,
and his fifth wife,
Cleopatra of Jerusalem,
inherited the satyr shrines and Panaeus,
along with the northernmost part of his
late father's kingdom.
In a deal sanctioned by Augustus Caesar,
he became king of Eurythia, Galatinus,
Bactinia, Trachonitis, and Aronitis,
along with oversight over Decapolis.
Got it?
We have a test tomorrow on these names.
I hope you jotted them all down.
Philip married his niece, Shalom,
who was thirty-nine years his junior.
His niece, mind you.
While Shalom is mentioned in connection
with the fable of John the Baptist's
execution and local folklore demanding his
head in the story portrayed in the
Christian New Testament,
the account is undermined by more credible
histories.
He did not exist,
and it did not occur.
In fact, there was no John the Baptist.
There was no Baptist.
There were no baptizing.
There were no dip in the Jordan River.
All of it was written long after the
fact,
and the fact is that it never occurred.
Nevertheless, staying with the story,
King Philip chose Panaeus as the site for
his palace, of course,
who wouldn't want to partner with the
devil,
calling the adjoining town Caesarea in
honor of Caesar Augustus.
In the antiquities of the Jews,
the only copies of which traveled through
Eusebius' revisionist hands,
Josephus referred to the religious center
housing Philip's palace as Caesarea
Panaeus.
another affirmation.
However,
to distinguish it from Caesarea Maritima
on the Mediterranean coast,
Eusebius renamed the place Caesarea
Philippi,
which is what he cited in Matthew,
even though there was never a town by
that name.
Ever, but you're making stuff up, why not?
He actually wrote that Jesus was of
Nazareth and multiple places in his
renditions of his New Testament,
even though the town didn't exist in the
first century, but it did in the fourth,
so who was going to be the wiser?
Now, this wasn't actually uncommon.
Eusebius, because to appease,
this is the story, Constantine's mother,
who in the mid-fourth century directly
associated Jesus with Nazareth,
which was a town in the mid-fourth
century, but not in the first century.
Well,
so to accommodate the emperor's mommy,
you'll find it is Jesus of Nazareth now
in the Christian New Testament,
another indication that it is nothing but
a fraud.
Now,
upon Philip's death in thirty-four CE,
his fiefdoms were reincorporated into
Syria, Caesarea.
Parnassus was renamed at that time
Neronius in honor of Emperor, oh,
this is such a good man, Nero, right?
So you've gone from the gates of hell
to Emperor Nero.
And then it reverted back to Panaeus as
the devil after Nero's suicidal death.
So apart from Eusebius' musings,
including those found in the Christian New
Testament,
not only was there never a town named
Caesarea Philippi,
Panaeus never lost its affiliation with
Pan, the devil.
This is highly indicting.
With Christendom's fascination with
casting the satyr Pan as Satan,
we can see why Eusebius made the absurd
claim.
And he says,
and the gates of the netherworld shall not
prevail against it.
According to local lore,
the cave of Pan was known as the
gates of hell.
than to sweep their incriminating laundry
under a religious edifice.
The Roman Catholic Church commemorated
Eusebius' sleight of hand by erecting a
late fourth century,
early fifth century church on top of Pan's
cave,
all to honor the lines that Eusebius had
composed.
Now, reinforcing this myth, Eusebius,
who was apparently fixated on this cultic
center and absolutely raptured with the
myths associated with Pan as the devil,
he wrote this using his Nome de Plume
technique.
Having heard that Caesarea Philippi,
now this is Panea because Caesarea
Philippi never existed.
So he's speaking of a mythical town,
proving that he was lying, right?
otherwise called Panaeus,
a city of Phoenicia,
there was a celebrated statue of Christ,
which had been erected by a woman whom,
this is now the hallucinations of Eusebius
now.
We're not talking about history here.
We're talking about
a despicable man trying to prove his
religious credentials and his mythical
God-man by creating a lie that's so big
that, well,
if you lie enough and big enough,
people are likely to believe it,
erected by a woman whom the Lord had
cured of a flow of blood.
Julian commanded it to be taken down and
the shame and the statue, I should say,
of himself erected in his place,
but a violent fire from heaven, oh,
of course,
fell upon it and broke off the parts
contiguous with the breast and the head
and the neck were thrown prostrate and it
was transfixed to the ground.
with the face downwards to the point where
the frame and the fracture of the bust
was.
And it showed that in that fashion,
that it remained that way until this very
day, until right now,
full of the rust of the lightning.
You know?
If you're a Christian, your New Testament,
it's authored by Eusebius.
And he just told you this lie.
That's the same man that wrote the single
most important line in the Christian New
Testament.
And he's lying through his teeth.
He is not even a good liar.
By the way,
the statues of the Romans can do lots
of things, but they do not rust.
And rust does not occur as a result
of lightning.
Not that that's the biggest issue here.
If you believe any of what I've just
shared with you from Eusebius's poison
pen, as he wrote, it occurred.
Well,
maybe I could interest you in one of
the resort compounds that are in Trump's
version of Gaza.
There is no such place as Palestine.
And of course,
I don't own such a result and it
hasn't been built nor will it ever be
built.
But that shouldn't matter to you if you
believe Eusebius and the Christian New
Testament.
There is, of course, more to the story.
Eusebius conceived in front of the gates
of hell.
And I want to dive into that program,
that whole train of thought as we return
to this mythology.
And I want to go into this detail
pursuant to Shabuwa because it is
fascinating.
essential to Christianity to confiscate
Shavua and call it Pentecost,
just as they confiscated everything
associated with Dode to create the myth of
Jesus.
And it is so fake that I want
you to have an appreciation for just how
rotten to the core
Christianity in its New Testament is,
right to the single most important line in
the Christian New Testament,
because if you can clear away that muck
and you know it's a lie,
then you're much better positioned to
embrace the truth of Dode and Yahweh,
and therefore capitalize on the promise of
Shabu and actually join us on this
harvest.
So I thank you so much for listening.
Look forward to being with you again in
another program of The Basics.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.